The first thing I did when I got back was scan the last decade of newspaper headings in all major cities. Actually, the first thing I did was have a cup of chamomile, because time travel always makes me a bit nauseated. But after that, the newspapers were the best way to catch up, and they confirmed my suspicions.

Without Batman, crime overall had actually decreased in Gotham. No more masked maniacs fighting for the attention of the Dark Knight like horny teenagers at prom. A higher level of petty crime, to be sure. But a few extra muggings to avoid blown up hospitals, existentially-themed hostage crises, and increasingly ridiculously named serial killers? A hard call but acceptable, and being a superhero is about making the hard calls so others don't have to.

Bruce Wayne somehow still ended up included in the Justice League as a financier and high-tech armorer, and after a few missteps, I discovered our relationship in this timeline was cordial but distant. A welcome relief.

A welcome relief-- that's how the first few weeks felt. And then I started noticing what was wrong.

Gotham was less violent, sure. But more corrupt. The hottest drugs started there. The rich from all over flew in to try the newest, most expensive high. Or to visit the black market auctions where you could buy elections in any state and almost any country in the world. Dictators, it was rumored, took private jets to Gotham for complementary nights out on the town.

This wasn't the sort of job for Superman. I couldn't fly in with a cape and punch corruption out of the city. So I sent in the subtler superheroes, hoping our tech and intel would get us a lead. Wayne offered us inroads into his city. But we were always a step behind. So I went in as Clark Kent instead, hitting up the fanciest bars and implying criminal interests until I got a picture of Gotham's new glitzy underworld.

I expected Penguin, Ra's a Ghul, or hell even the Joker as the new mastermind behind Gotham's elite, quiet criminality. But the rumors I heard were different. A man of class and stature in all black suits, with a low gravelly voice and a dark, entitled sense of humor. A man who relied on money and strategy before brute force, but was also comfortable enough with violence when it was the best tool for the job.

A man with a mask that curled up into two sharp points over his head.

I went back in time to stop a nuisance. I succeeded by creating a monster.

Ever since that night, Bruce was obsessed with the flying man that had saved him and his family. The way he had come down from above, his cape wallowing behind him.

The way he had stood in front of them, protected them form the maniacs that had emptied their guns into him.

The protector of those that couldn't defend themselves.



Since then he had wanted to become a hero like him. He had trained as hard as he could, had become an expert at martial arts. He had honed his mind, as he didn't have the supernatural abilities their savior had had.

You didn't need to have bulletproof skin. You could have a bulletproof suit. If you had enough money, and thanks to the empire his parents had built, he did.

You didn't need X-Ray sight. Night vision goggles and the much more advanced system in his mask let you see so much more than your own eyes.



For the longest time he had not known what mask he should wear, until that fateful night in the abandoned Wayne Manor tower. When he found those that lived there, that went anywhere in the city they wanted. They were free to go whenever they wanted.

And they could fly.

He made the tower his own, his refugium form the many social gatherings his parents held.



His armor was finished now. The wings were ready. And as the sun went down over this city that so direly needed its own protector, he stepped out onto the ledge.

He looked down at the lights and the many dark corners where thieves and murderers hid, and he slowly started to spread his wings to their full extent.

Tonight, the city would gain a new hero. A black knight to watch over it.



"I'm Bird Man!" he shouted and jumped from the ledge.

"Mr. Wayne?"

Bruce's eyes focused on the emerging form in front of him. Flits of color and shape came together and he could see a splash of green. A man in a business suit?

The sage-colored specter leaned forward and stared at Bruce from beneath an equally green bowler cap. The Wayne heir's eyes frantically took in everything they could. The man's entire costume was riddled with purple question marks. Who was this?

Think, Bruce, think!

He was always a calculating sort, something women had always complimented him on. He always knew he was the smartest man in the room, he just had to prove it now. He always thought, perhaps hoped, that one day he would become something special. Maybe a detective? Maybe something more. Something like that clandestine hero who had rescued him and his parents all those years ago...

But here he was, the heir to a fortune and his dad didn't even trust him to run the mop at the company. Perhaps he was only as good as his ransom? He hadn't done anything particularly meaningful in his life. But now wasn't the time to wax depressive. He was in a bind. Literally.

He couldn't move. He realized he was strapped down in a stiff wooden chair.

"Uh...?" He said, quite eloquently.

"I wouldn't expect you the be able to find the right words at the moment," the man said, drawing a cane up and into the air for emphasis. "You failed the first puzzle spectacularly, and your reward was knock out gas!" He flashed a set of sparkling pearls at him, and Bruce could see now that he wore a mask with puzzle pieces on it.

Bruce's head was spinning. He couldn't remember anything after the gala. He had gone to the bathroom and had heard footsteps behind him...

Now he was here.

"Don't worry, Mr. Wayne." The green man began. "You'll be perfectly unharmed as long as your father pays up. And if not..."

He indicated a large ticking clock. The hands were connected to a long coiling cord. With a shock, Bruce realized the cord was connected to the base of the chair he was strapped into. He could now see the explosives piled haphazardly all around him.

"...well you won't be aware of anything if that should transpire!" He finished with a chuckle.

"Someone will rescue me!" Bruce said. "My father's security is fearsome! They'll—"

"They'll be able to send someone to pick up the pieces." The question man exclaimed, leaning back on his cane joyfully.

"They already tried that. They didn't make it passed the third puzzle! To bits with all of them!"

Bruce's heart fell.

"No one can get you, Mr. Wayne. There's no one alive who could navigate their way through my clever traps and puzzles. That's why they call me "Mr. Labyrinth!"

At that moment, the ceiling erupted in a loud explosion. Smoking rock shot at the ground, a piece of sharp granite flew passed Bruce's cheek, slicing it open.

Above him, Bruce could hear what sounded like a ...cackle?

"My, my, my!" Said a voice. More cackling.

Mr. Labyrinth stared up, mouth agape, as a form descended from above slowly. He seemed to be floating.

He glided to the floor, the picture of civility: a lilac colored suit, well shined, black leather shoes, perfectly combed and parted hair. Only one feature ruined it. His stark white face, pale as a ghoul, and his crooked, hastily applied, red grin. Bruce noticed suddenly that the mans hair had been badly colored, with what looked like paint, to be as green as Mr. Labyrinth's clothes.

"How did you..?" Mr. Labyrinth began, mouth still agape.

"Puzzles and mazes are useless if you just blast them apart!" The man said and ripped the air apart with a loud guffaw.

"I'm here to rescue this wealthy welp!" He winked.

"Who are you?" Mr. Labyrinth asked, spinning his cane in preparation for a fight.

"I'm your reckoning, of course!" The man responded, he lifted his eyes to Bruce. "I'm the hero Gotham needs!"

His peal of laughter set Bruce's jaw on edge. He had heard of this vigilante. The man who claimed the evils of Gotham had become to orderly, too structured, the man who claimed he would untangle the entire web of evil in the city with his chaos. The man calling himself the Joker.

As the dust settled, Bruce coughed into his fist and slumped against the gates of the abandoned warehouse he had been unknowingly kept in. The thin frame of the Joker sauntered out of the cloud of destruction, spinning his newly acquired cane.

"How are ya, kiddo?" He asked Bruce, his eyes not looking at the Wayne heir, but off into the distance. Bruce could hear the bleat of sirens far away and growing louder.

"Uh..." Bruce said in response.

"Cat got your tongue, eh? I know someone particularly versed in that area of expertise..." The Joker said, leaning against the cane thoughtfully.

"Well!"He tossed the cane into the bushes. "that was fun! However, I'll leave you here for Ole Gordon and the boys. Have a good night!"

As he turned, Bruce leapt into action. "Please!" He shouted, dropping to his knees and pulling on the Joker's jacket. "Teach me!"

"What?" The Joker asked, whirling around on him. "Teach you what? Kid, I'm one screw short of stark raving mad. What could I possibly teach you?"

"I don't care!" Bruce screamed, the sirens climbing louder in their wails. "I want to make this city better. I have money! That must be worth something!"

The Joker seems to weigh the information for a moment. Then said, "how much can you lift?"

"Uh...?" Bruce said again, unsure how to respond.

"Nevermind! I think I can find a use for you!"

Bruce's heart leapt into his throat.

"As long as you're willing to do EXACTLY as I tell you..."

"Yes, of course!" Bruce exclaimed, standing. The cherries and berries so close now he could feel the lights inside his skull.

"Well then, lesson number one my young apprentice: FUCK THE POLICE! Scatter!" He screamed, and took off in the opposite direction as the first patrol car arrived.

In a flash, Bruce was behind him. He wasn't sure why, but he had a feeling everything was going to change for the better.

"Batman!"

Superman kicked the door down so fast it burst into dust and splinters against the opposing wall.

"Who is it?"

"You would not believe the day I've had! How do you do it? What the fuck are you?!"

"If I didn't know any better, Clark, I'd say you're a little irritated. Is this about the kryptonite knuckle dusters?"

"No!"

"The kryptonite itching powder?"

"What? No!"

"The fact that I swapped your water for vodka laced with liquid kryptonite?"

"Oh god what version have I created now? No! Batman, that goddamn cowl, how in Sam Hill does it keep finding a face?"

"How much of that vodkanite did you drink?"

"You want to know what this is about? Oh I'll tell you what it's about! You see I've gotten quite sick of always hearing "Batman this" and "Batman that" and "gee Superman, if only you were cool like Batman" and the goddamn kryptonite! Where does it keep coming from?! So I decided to do something about it! I decided to take a little trip back in time and squish the gun that killed your parents just before it was fired."

"Odd plan, but you clearly didn't do such a great job."

"Well that's the thing, I did! Your parents were saved, the shooter was arrested, you grew up a happy rich boy with nothing to fight against. But there's the thing, you still became Batman! You were so inspired by seeing your parents saved that you became a goddamn paladin of crime fighting!

So I tried again, I snapped up the shooter before he even got to the alley, oh but that just didn't do it. You heard on the news about the close call your family had and got really involved in preventative action. You were so adamant to save people from themselves that you became, guess what, Batman!

Another try, this time as I was flying down I accidentally blew the bullet into you. Not the result I was going for and I was pretty torn up about it but now no Batman, right? Wrong! This time, wracked by grief, your father became Batman, and he was even worse! And your mother became the Joker... that was weird...

So one more try, I said to myself! Bruce, I've been trying and trying and trying to find some way to put a stop to this Batman business, but it just can't be done. I think Batman is a fundamental constant of the universe, no matter what happens, somehow, someone will end up being Batman. Batman is an idea, a meme or something, and it always finds a host. Bruce Wayne is the host I know, and I suppose it's better the devil you know, but I reckon I could wipe out all life on this planet and then probably I'd end up becoming the Batman! Through me that cowl would wield a power- well you get the idea!

What I'm saying, Bruce, is... I give up. Here, take the key to my apartment, I would try and stop my eternal trickster nemesis from getting in and, I dunno, filling my bedsheets with kryptonite bedbugs or replacing all the bulbs in my home with miniature red suns or something, but if I can't prevent Batman from being born then, well, I might as well stop him from breaking shit on the way in."

"Thank you Clark, I'll see to it that master Alfred gets it."

"Master Alfred? What are you talking ab- oh dear god no..."

Of all the things Superman had seen that day, nothing, even Martha "the Joker" Wayne, prepared him for the sight as he turned around and found himself face to face with Alfred "the Batman" Pennyworth.

"Well, three hundred and seventy ninth time's the charm"

"And... uh... the pearls! Gimme the pearls!" The mugger was starting to shake.



Bruce was scared, but he knew he'd be okay. His dad would know what to do. Thomas was as cool and calm as ever.



"Whatever you say. Give him the pearls Martha. Just relax sir."



"Hey, don't make any quick moves, okay! I'll shoot you if you act funny, don't think I won't!"



"Of course, whatever you say."



"I said don't move! I said-"



Bang



Thomas and Martha jumped in front of Bruce, but nothing happened. The lead slug they were expecting had stopped mid-air, held tight between the fingers of a floating man in red tights.



"I don't think you'll be needing that this evening," the man said, as red beams from his eyes melted the mugger's gun into a puddle. "Let's take you to the police," he told the mugger, grabbing him by the collar and floating away. "Have a safe evening everyone. Remember, poorly lit alleys are never safe places!"



"Thank... thank you," Martha said, finally letting out the breath she had been holding for so long.



A few minutes later, or perhaps a few decades, depending on your perspective. Time doesn't mean as much when you can step between moments.



Superman felt quite proud of himself. Ridding himself of the Bat-Thorn in his side and doing a good deed in the process was quite the productive evening. Surely the Wayne family would do more good for the world with charity and foundations than one orphan dressing up in a costume could handle. As he floated into the window of his present-day apartment, Superman felt remarkably calm.



"Good evening Clark."



The calm didn't last for long. Superman turned with a start, finding a dark shadow in the corner of his apartment. A dark shadow with the shape of wings and a man... it couldn't be...



"Batman? But I, I-"



"Tried to keep me from ever existing?" Bruce let out something vaguely resembling a chuckle. "I wonder, if it had worked, would that have broken your no-kill rule? An identity is a life too, I'd think."



"But how? Your parents are alive. Your life is perfect. Why aren't you just another rich boy? If I couldn't see your face through that mask I'd think this was some kind of prank."



"You never did understand Gotham, Clark. Stopping one crime doesn't change much. This isn't Metropolis. We don't have a sun."



Superman was shocked. It didn't make sense. Joe Chill was in jail. The bullet was still in his pocket. Batman's parents were alive. This couldn't be real.



"That one crime was enough. I know your story. You became this thing after your parents died. They survived the attack. Why are you still here?"



"Clark, do you really think that was the first time someone tried to kill my parents? Being rich and famous in Gotham is a death warrant. Starving people see you and know you have enough in your pockets to keep you alive for another month. It's all they can think to do. I don't blame them. Why do you think James Sutherby is still alive?"



"James who?"



"Sutherby. He killed my parents 3 months after you left. You didn't change Gotham, Clark. You just caught a bullet."



With all his power, Superman couldn't find the strength to stand. Collapsing on his knees, head in his hands, he struggled to even speak.



"I thought... maybe I..."



Bruce slowly left his corner, climbing out of the window to leave. There was work to be done tonight.



"Helped? No, Clark. You did nothing. Stay out of Gotham. We need a cure, not an anesthetic."



Batman jumped. Superman wept.

A blast of heat and light filled the alley then another blast. Sulfur filled the air. Puffs of air blew by the boy, and the criminal's gun fell to the ground. He looked at his own body and then to his parents. Both stood next to him no worse for wear. Sirens blared as the assailant ran away. Police cars blocked his escape. Bruce turned back to his parents who surrounded him and held him close against them. His father's cologne never smelled better, and his mother's perfume brought tears to his eyes.

"It's okay Bruce. We're okay."

Police approached them and walked them to their car. Thomas' hands shook as he turned over the engine, but he was able to drive home that night. Bruce slept alright at first, but, over time, his sleep became worse. The "incident" as they called it cracked them all up. Thomas smelled of alcohol when he came home. His firing from the hospital soon followed.

Martha soon started to stay out late and smelled of cigarettes when she arrived at home. She didn't smoke. Her clothes were disheveled, and she reeked of what he would later realize was sex. When his parents died in a car accident when he was 14, he believed it was just an accident though he wasn't sure. Unable to sleep at night, he studied the family business and wondered about that breeze. The bullets fired were never found.

Learning the workings of Wayne Enterprises, he learned that the easy way, the most profitable was not always the noble way. Using these methods, Wayne Enterprises flourished. Then, one day, the alien appeared. He could leap tall buildings in a single bound, and he was faster than a speeding bullet. Was it possible? He wondered.

The alien was unbeatable, unkillable. He had no weaknesses. Something about this Superman made Bruce clench his teeth and ball his hands into fists every time his name was mentioned. Thoughts of Superman invaded his mind until he knew there was only one thing to do: destroy him.

Millions of dollars poured into research to make a suit that could stand against him. Superman's personal life was scrutinized, and the people close to Superman were found out. And, by pure chance, a weakness was found, but his plan was simple. Assassins would be standing by to kill his friends should his plan fail. He would wear the suit and carry Superman's weakness just in case he needed it.

The last piece was the easiest. He wouldn't attack Superman. He would approach his alter ego, Clark Kent, in an alley. The events in an alley ruined his life, and it would end Superman's.

Bruce flew in his private jet to Metropolis. He put on the suit and placed the green rock in a compartment in his chest. The killers were in place if needed. The final piece was simple but necessary. A dumpster was replaced with a lead one that he could hide behind, and there he waited.

When Clark Kent entered the alley, he was alone. His thoughts focused on Lois. He walked toward his apartment and looked at a dumpster and froze. A looming figure emerged from behind it. He knew him what felt like ages ago.

"Bruce Wayne?"

"You know my name?"

"Yes, you're a famous billionaire. I imagine most of the world knows you."

"I know you too. I know about Lois, your mother Martha, and Jimmy Olson too. I know your secret. I know you altered my life, but I don't know why. If you won't tell me, I will kill you."

Bruce opened the compartment. Greenlight crossed Clark forcing him to back up.

"If you kill me, all the people you love will die. I guarantee that."

"I saved your parents. I changed your life for the better."

"It didn't work. They knew they were supposed to die, so why do it? What was so bad about me?"

"You were annoying, Bruce. You were smart, too smart. You're only human, no gifts other than being driven by a desire to make the world a better place. I can manipulate time, bend steel, fly, and, yet, you, they all loved you and not just because you were one of them but because you were the best while being only human. I envied you, but I thought I didn't need you. So, I changed things, and we ended up here. I was wrong. I can admit that. But, I mean, what do you want from me, Bruce?"

"I want you to make things right, no matter how much it hurts me."

"Done."

No puffs of air except from the revolver whose reports echoed in the alley. In a matter of seconds, only the boy remained among the living, a very different path ahead of him.

Superman coughed as he waited for Bruce Wayne. He found himself once again in the interrogation room of Bruce and Lex's Human Protection Agency. Captured after the discovery of his weaknesses, more than likely pride from someone close to him, he had been in captivity for months. His body was frail and weak. Bones easily visible under his skin. Under the constant glow of an artificial red sun( Thanks to Waynetech), and arms and legs shackled by kryptonite cuffs( a LexCorp invention), he had lost most of his muscle mass. And, without the Glowing warmth of Earth's majestic yellow sun Superman knew he hadn't much longer. The radiation was definitely getting to him. A fact he shared with no one, and wondered if Bruce even knew. Or cared. He knew Luthor wouldn't, but maybe his former did. Though in this timeline they had never met, nor worked together. Batman had never been born as Bruce's parents had never died on that rainy night. They did eventually met however. Days after earth had been invaded by kryptonians. And after Bruce had lost his parents. Happening to be in the city when they came for "Kal-El". Known to Earth as Superman, and known to you, dear reader, as Clark Kent.

In walks Bruce. Immediately grabbing the attention of Clark, who looked at him with both sadness and regret. Bruce stood at an opposite to Clark. He was lean and Fit. Muscles barely contained by the pitch black business suit he wore. His tie a deep yellow, undershirt white.

"Clark."

"Bruce." Superman replied, his voice, while still strong, was noticeably weaker.

"Ready to talk Clark?"

"Yes."

"This had better not be another story from your earth father. Or your space one."

"No, this one is from me. I assure you you'll find it my most interesting one yet."

Bruce grimaced. Not in the mood for yet another "pointless" story.

Sighing, Bruce said, "How long will you obfuscate? Even I can see you are weakening. How long do you have? Weeks? Days? Your body breaks down when exposed to Kryptonite radiation and red solar radiation. Your body is getting weaker. Look at you. I can see your rib cage from here."

The last sentence was delivered with tactical coldness. Though it not particularly out of character for him. He was known to state such a matter bluntly.

Bruce moved from the door, Letting it creak close. The two would be alone in the room. Though many were watching from a different room through a screen. Cameras were behind each mirrored panel. The ones superman was currently using to check out his reflection in. He indeed looked terrible. Hair messy, body covered in grime and dirt. He smiled though. Turning to Bruce with it and trying to show strength even when he had none.

"Hm?" It wasn't the reaction bruce had expected when Superman saw himself. He quickly brushed it off. Refusing to let his enemy get the better of him.

"Well? You smile while you die? Are you that loyal to them that you wouldn't give them up? Even after all this time? They haven't come for you. We can restore you. You'll work under my constant super vision though, but we can let you go if you help us Kent. No need to be stubborn." Bruce had finally made his seat as he finished his sentence. Superman's smile was gone. Removed by Bruce's words.

"I really messed this up didn't I?" He said more to himself than to Bruce. Bruce was used to his quirkiness and sat silent hoping this was the moment he would achieve victory and that superman would finally crack.

"I set out to save you, but I only killed you more. You really don't know me do you?" Clark's question went unanswered. Bruce either not wanting to respond, or perhaps having none. Clark continued.

"You had changed Batman... You had become something that I had never thought you would be and crossed the line I had never thought you would cross. After the joker murdered Damian-"

"Damian?"

"Yes, Damian. Your son. You had lost it. Between my Lois and Jimmy, and Damian and Jason. You lost it. "He had killed too many," you said. "Enough is enough!" You exclaimed. And each time I tried to talk you down. But fast as I am. Even I can't be everywhere at once. The Joker fell, and so did every single member of your rogue gallery. Each one murdered in Blood colder than the arctic. The media jumped on it. Word got out that a member of the "League" was killing, and the public got scared. We removed you. All 6 high ranking member of the "JLA". Of course excluding you from the the decision. I suppose that didn't sit well with you, and so you came for us next. Barry was first."

"Barry Allen?"

"Yes." Superman replied. "Then J'ohn, Arthur, Hal, and Finally Diana." Clark sat still for a few seconds. Remembering their deaths. Bruce despite being incredulous to the story couldn't help but ask,

"And how did I accomplish all that?"

"I'd rather not say exactly. Though I'm sure you'll figure it out anyways. You're rather the smart guy. Smartest on the team in fact. You had a contingency plan for all of us."

Bruce looked on uninterested again.

"And the location of the league?" Superman ignored his question before continuing.

"Before Barry died, he told me a rather strange story. Of how he went back in time to save his mother and ended up nearly destroying the earth. He went on in detail about how different the whole of everyone was. I was pale and sickly..." Clark couldn't help but chuckle at the irony, but gathered himself to keep telling his story.

"Well moral of the story was, that changing the timeline was, is, a tricky business. And he cautioned me about doing so, if i was capable. I should have listened. But I couldn't let you die. Or kill you Bruce. We were friends back then. I had loved you like a brother. When I was around you, and the league I felt normal. And even as circumspect as you were you trusted me, and I you. Losing you was tough. But killing you was impossible. I couldn't let the Joker take us both. So I ran. Ran as fast as I could. then I flew faster. Around and around days reversing. Then years. Decades. Until I landed upon May 9th, 1939."

Bruce looked on emotionless. Internally remembering that day 20 years ago.

"It was raining wasn't it?" Bruce refused to respond.

"I saved them Bruce. I saved your parents hoping to save you from yourself. I was hoping that if you never became batman then you wouldn't have went on to become a monster. But time is a tricky business indeed. Turns out that instead you became the head of your company after forcibly retiring your parents. Unleashed technological advancements upon the earth and sped up humanities progress towards a utopia. Success I thought. Everything was working out. I was still superman. The league still formed. And you never took up the mantle of a killer. All was well. Or so I thought. The kryptonians weren't my fault Bruce. And I never meant for so many to be killed. Especially your parents-"

For the first time throughout this speech Wayne had showed emotion. It was pure rage at the mention of his parents.

"Never speak of them. Those freaks came for you. Metropolis was leveled fighting YOU." He snarled. "The blood of millions... Especially them. Is on you. And if you are telling the truth then it's your fault they were still alive to die in Metropolis in the first place."

"I know." Clark said hanging his head again. " Irony seems to follow me a lot now. I played God. Created a universe, and then it turned on me." He hung his head trying not to cry in front of Mr. Wayne.

"I failed you. In this time and the last. And I'm sorry for that. I failed you..." Clark clenched his fists in a cold rage. Angry at himself for not heading the warnings of the flash. He gathered himself once more and began to speak again.

"Lex is a ruthless villain Bruce. I'm your friend. Trust me. Let me go so I can fix this."

"Lex is the only friend I know. Thanks to his aide I was able to capture the killer of my parents, and now we are ridding the world from wannabe gods such as yourself. No being should be able to fly, change time, lift cars, or move objects with their will. We are purify this planet and thus saving it." Superman could only look on with sadness.

"You sound just like him."

"Great minds think alike." Superman remained silent for quite sometime before gathering the last of his energy to ask one final question.

"Did you ever catch Barry?"

"Is that a joke?" Bruce answered, visibly annoyed by the question.

Superman smiled once more before frowning. His vision had become incredibly blurry again. His head light.

"I love you Bruce. I know you don't believe it but I do," he said weakly before falling out of his chair. Body finally giving out from the radiation.

"Goddamn it! Medic!" Bruce shouted. In vain the field of medics tried to resuscitate Superman. But his time was up.

There are those who would believe kryptonite to be my only weakness, but they're wrong. Arrogance; my arrogance proved to be my greatest weakness of all, and it did more harm to myself and the world than all the kryptonite in the universe ever could have done.

My belief that I could change the past to benefit my future has doomed anyone who possesses abilities beyond the normal scope of human possibilities; I learned something important on my trip to the past: Death always finds a life to take.

Stopping the mugger that killed Bruce's parents was simple, and I left them in awe as I floated into the sky and back into the future; but something happened I didn't plan for, and when I came back, everything had changed.

The world has become a technological totalitarian nightmare, with Thomas Wayne at the head of it all. His son, Bruce, had died that night. As I flew into the night's sky, they had ran out of the alley in attempt to watch me go, marveled by what they had just seen. With their eyes anchored on me, they hadn't noticed Bruce run out into the street, and the driver of the truck was busy focusing on the man soaring through the air.

Thomas blamed the superhuman he saw that night, and extraordinary people became his obsession from that day forward. He developed technology to fight, capture, and study them, perhaps in the hope that one of us may hold the key to getting his son back. Or, maybe, he's just looking for me; for revenge.

I can't go back, and even if I could, perhaps my interfering again would only make things exponentially worse. No, I'm here to stay; here to fight, and I only hope that none of the supers he's experimented on thus far have been weakened by kryptonite.

The pursuit of justice is all I know. It's been everything to me since my parents were killed, it has driven all that I am, all that I have achieved. When the alien came to Gotham and destroyed a city block to catch a metahuman I could have stopped without shedding a drop of blood, I was angry. When he got credit for holding up one of the buildings to let it be evacuated to save lives that he himself had put at risk, I was furious.

But when he went on the six o'clock news and smiled that alien smile down at me, at all of us, and thanked the fire department for their help after setting the homes of hundreds on fire and collapsing the entire lives of thousands into turmoil, I knew I had to take action. Turns out though, he knew me. He knew I would come for him, he had been baiting me for years. So when I exposed him and his silly alter ego Clark Kent, he already had a plan.

It wasn't a plan I had been wholly unprepared for though. Our satellites detected the alien's rapidly speeding orbit, and I'd been warned by Barry of the alien's potential for time travel at those speeds, so I hurried to the research division. I had an alert on the way that temporal anomalies had been detected moving forward through the timeline, and I had to think quickly. It didn't take long to formulate the response. Barry was pretty obliging, and made the trip to one of my larger labs in the outskirts of Gotham.

It was there I picked up the pistol, with kryptonite ammunition, and then with Barry's help I followed the alien back in time.

It hadn't taken long to find out when he had gone, and as soon as I had known the date, I knew where he would be. I had worn street clothes over my tactical suit to blend in as I made my way to his target, and soon enough I arrived.

There he was, floating smugly in the sky silently above my parents in the alley. Held under his arm, that murderous thug I remembered from that night so clearly, knocked out cold. The alley was dark, sinister, piles of rotting discarded clothes and refuse piled around dumpsters along its length, but the alley's threat now hung from the arm of a bigger, more existential threat. My pulse quickened as I prepared to use the gun to defend my younger self.

My parents smiled and laughed, and above them the alien looked away and silently glided into the night. My pulse slowed. They were happy. Their boy between them, the "me" of long ago, he was happy. He would never become me now, I could feel the murderers, the rapists, the conniving complicitous politicians, all getting away with it. I could sense the crime spree the future held, the pain and suffering, and I looked down at the laughing, smiling family.

I crouched down and rubbed street dirt on my face. Clutching the heavy pistol to my chest, I stepped out into the alley.

Clark sat back down, annoyed.

Bruce glanced up from his phone, eyebrow raised.

No words were exchanged for a few, long moments. Then, while under Batman's enigmatic stare, Clark began. "I tried to go back in time and save your parents."

Batman snorted, half a laugh as he returned to his paper. "How'd that work out for you?"

"Civilian Bruce is even worse than Batman Bruce." Superman griped. "You took over LexCorp and started an Earth Protection Agency that conscripted supers into your personal army, myself included! You had me in some kind of kyptonite dog collar that would weaken me if I disobeyed. It took me days to find a way out."

Batman chuckled, returning to his phone. "Teaches you to screw with time."

Some things, Clark reckoned, must simply be meant to be.

He'd gone back in time, and saved Thomas and Martha Wayne. It had been easy. Without further need in that time, he flew back to his own time to see the results. And, it turned out, the results were an unmitigated disaster.

Young Bruce grew up into a teenager, slightly entitled and very arrogant. And as his perception grew and his grasp of the world's workings grew, he began to ponder a single question; why would his parents be saved, and not anyone else. Shootings would continue to happen all across Gotham regularly, with no caped intervention.

Bruce would go on to become a detective, determined to uncover the hidden truths. Eventually, he would lead a team in the FBI dedicated to uncovering the identities of the emerging vigilante population. And damn it all if he wasn't effective.

Meanwhile, his parents lost their fortune. Corruption in Gotham only became worse over time, and eventually their company and wealth was seized by the various criminal organizations competing for control of Gotham City.

For his part, Clark's story hadn't changed much. He'd never met Batman, and he'd had to get more creative to topple some of the Justice League's more formidable opponents. But by and large the history of the world remained intact.

The disaster, though, was forthcoming. Bruce had compiled a list of all the heroes, and he'd sussed out the names of them all. But the one that really caught his interest, the one he needed to speak with, was Superman. The one that had saved his family, and then left Gotham to rot.

Which is how it came to pass that Agent Wayne, and his vigilante task force, had subdued and incarcerated Clark Kent. Bruce was subtle about it. He let Clark believe his secret identity was still intact, and fabricated false charges against Clark's human persona. He knew Clark wouldn't resist arrest, believing he'd have nothing to fear from the police. But instead, he'd been taken to a special prison designed just for him. Kryptonite everywhere, lacing every object.

Which is how it came that Clark came face to face with Bruce. And the familiar lines of his one-time friend's face were set in a stern and disapproving frown.

"Mr. Kent, I'm sure you're aware by now that I know your real identity. Let's save time. Kal-El, of the planet Krypton, I have some questions for you."

For the first time, Clark felt the stirrings of real fear. For among the familiar dour features of Bruce's face, there was something entirely unfamiliar: a ruthless edge to his eyes. As if he had never learned the cost of death. As if it hadn't ever impacted him personally. As if he was not afraid to invite death to collect his enemies.

Wade Wilson put the special edition "Superman Obviates Batman" back in the bin and looked at the guy behind the counter. "Have you read this garbage? I mean, Holy shitballs! He spun the Earth in the opposite direction, travelled back in time, saved Bruce Wayne's parents, and kept little Bruce from ever becoming the Batman! That is the dumbest thing I have ever read in my life. Just the basic physics of it don't make any sense at all."

"Wurst. Storyline. Ev-ur!" agreed Comic Book Guy, wiping some crumbs off his belly.

"Well," said Wade, "there's one thing Sup' didn't think of: this inter-dimensional time travel-y thing I stole from Cable at the end of the sequel. You know, the one that beat Logan by over $100 million? [Smiley Face!]"

"What on earth are you talking about?"

"Don't worry about it, fat man. Say hi to Bart for me (love that 'Cowabunga!' thing--does he still say that?), and maybe try eating a salad for lunch tomorrow."

And with that, Deadpool tapped a few buttons on his wrist and disappeared.

"Feels weird to be back in the DC Universe. But sure am glad to have five fingers again and not look completely jaundiced." thought Wade. "Well, maybe Superman saved Bruce's mom and dad, but there's got to be something else I can do to traumatize the spoiled little brat."

Suddenly, a thug jumped out of the shadows aiming a gun at Wade's head. "Ever dance with the Devil in the pale moonlight? Give me your money."

"No." And Wade unceremoniously drilled two .50 caliber holes in the man's chest and one in his head with his Desert Eagle. "Crap, I just killed the Joker. Now what?!?!"

"WADE! I TOLD YOU NEVER TO COME BACK HERE!"

"OMG! Superman! I thought I'd never see you again! I love you! Superman: Red Sun is one of the greatest comics I've ever read in my life! Mark Millar is my hero! I'd do anything to have him write one of my storylines!!!"

"What on earth are you talking about?"

"Nevermind, Sup'. We got problems here. You've really screwed everything up this time. And I don't mean like the time you gave up your powers in Superman II. Which my sequel beat that by $100 million in inflation-adjusted dollars."

"Wade, I'm tired of you. You're worse than that mopey psychopath, Batman."

"REALLY?! You just compared me positively to Batman? OMG! I luuuuuv you! But anyway, Sup', you gotta undo this undoing Batman thing. The world needs him. Your goodie-two-shoe ass just isn't enough to keep things going. Who's going to pick up the slack, Aquaman? Jason Momoa is cool, but he didn't even clear $100 million in that movie!"

"What on earth are you talking about?"

"Nevermind, Sup'. What I'm getting at is that you need Batman. Superman without Batman is like day without night, chimichangas without the side of beans, my comics without gratuitous 4th wall breakings! (Yeah, baby! not only did I jump into two other established universes, I'm now meta-referencing breaking the fourth wall! This is the kind of crap my nerdiest fans love so they can claim that there's some kind of advanced intellectual merit to my dumb ass! Seriously, they're almost as bad as Rick and Morty fans. BAM! Another 4th wall break. I'm gonna touch myself tonight.)"

"What on earth are you talking about, Wade?"

"God, you're almost as bad as Colossus. We gotta do this, Sup'! We gotta traumatize the crap out of that kid and turn him into the Batman. You and me! Superman and Deadpool! It's gonna be awesome!"

"What on earth are you talking about?"

Wade turned away in disgust and began to put his plan in motion. Hiking through the woods behind Wayne Manor, he spelunked deep into a cave and grabbed a bat. "This'll do it, for sure!" He crept silently to the back of the Manor House and broke in through the kitchen window. "Wow, they have nice stuff! Is than an Aga Stove?!"

He crept through the quiet mansion until he found Bruce's room. Kicking the door open as hard as he could, Wade screamed "WAKE UP MASTER BRUCE!!!!!!! BATS!!!!!!! BATS EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!! SCARY!!!!!!!!!!!! ARRRRGH!!!!!!!!! BLAH BLAH PALE MOONLIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and hurled the bat at Bruce's head.

"Ow, it bit me!" whined Bruce as Wade crashed out of the window and ran into the woods.

Three weeks later, Bruce lay dying of rabies in Gotham University Hospital.

"Well, shit," said Wade to Clark Kent.

"So, uh, you think you can get Aquaman trained up?" asked Clark. "He's pretty lame, but he'd be an OK foil"

"Come on, move quickly and nobody gets hurt." The nobody with a revolver trained on the Wayne family demanded. "Let's have the pearl necklace from the pretty lady, and your billfold mister. No tricks, I've got nothing to lose if you try to be a damn hero."

Thomas Wayne would not be cowed, certainly not by this hooligan with a gun. But, he did have a gun. His family was more important to him than his enterprise, five hundred times over, and so with smooth grace that would fail to rile an anxious hyena, he unclasped his wife's necklace and gingerly proffered his billfold to the man with the gun.



Something in the distance behind the Wayne family caught the mugger's eye, and his none-to-steady hand tightened on the revolver. Nobody ever taught this man how to handle a gun safely, and with his finger already precariously pressed against the trigger, the last bit of pressure was applied, and the hammer fell. *Bang!* The gun's report echoed loudly in the narrow alley. In a blue of blue and red, a hand descended from on high to intercept the bit of lead before it could find its mark in Martha Wayne's heart. In less time than the gun's sound wave had to travel to young Bruce's ears, Superman had moved to disarm their would be assailant.



Utterly stunned, the mugger fell backwards into a puddle, and stared up in awe at the modern Hercules that had, unbeknownst to anyone else in this alley, just averted history.



"I trust you'll be able to get your family home safely from here, Mr. Wayne?" Superman asked rhetorically. And without awaiting a response, he disappeared into the smog filled Gotham sky.



Faster and faster he traveled as he left Earth's atmosphere. The speed he would have to gather in order to break the time barrier could not be safely done near Earth. Layers of color formed over his extended fists as he sped faster and faster. Colors that extended beyond the spectrum mortal eyes can perceive. Pressing on, the broad rainbow snapped before him, and he catapulted through time instead of space. Superman continued to accelerate, overtaking the causality wave that sped through time itself. There was someone he needed to see before it all changed.



"Bruce, can we talk?"



"I'm busy, Clark. Can it wait?"



"Time waits for no man, Bruce."



"Present company excluded." Bruce chided.



"Yeah. About that." Superman hesitated, rethinking his decision for the first time.



"What have you done?" Bruce demanded. The work he had been absorbed in fell from his mind like lead dropped from a plane.

"Bruce, you're going to have your family back. I think you know how and why. You're a good man, but our methods are too different, and I couldn't think of another way to move forward without us coming to blows, and I couldn't let that happen. I hope you understand."



"Understand... Ha. Hahahaha. Hahahahahahaha!" Wayne's laugh was more unsettling than a kryptonite bullet to the chest. "Clark," Bruce began, regaining his composure. "thank you. I've been at this too long. I knew I could never bring them back, and you wouldn't have done it if I asked you to, so I set out to be the thorn in your side you couldn't ignore. I fought for justice, so you couldn't bring yourself to imprison me. My approach wasn't clean like yours though. How could it be? Not all of us are so... I won't say blessed, but, gifted, as you Kent. You possess an optimism I could never emulate. It hurts me to see it sometimes, knowing how broken this world is, but I recognize that learning from you is our world's best hope for a better tomorrow. Thank you, Kent. Thank you for saving me. I'll miss you."



Before Kent could respond, the causality wave overtook them both, and in its wake the bat-cave and Bruce were replaced by an abandoned basement and stillness.



"He beat me." Tears welled up in Superman's eyes. "I'll miss you too, Bruce."

Clark Kent stepped out of the alley, his fateful mission done. A young couple thanked him enthusiastically as he left for the skies, their son being the most overjoyed. The Man of Steel silently went back to the future, eager to see a more peaceful world.

As the time portal disappeared, two thoughts came to Clark's mind. He did not recognize the city he was in. Also he flew right into a trash can. Amateur Mistake. As he recovered, a grim sight lay before him. The city was empty. Completely empty. Worried he used his X ray Vision to scan around looking for the smallest hint of life in the city. Nothing, not even a stray cat or rats. A sick feeling came to his stomach as Clark wandered out of the alley, and it was then that he noticed a newspaper by the Daily Planet lying on the ground. In bold bright letters the headline went: "ADRIAN VEIDT CAPTURES MORE REBELS"

"........no.......oh god.......nonononono......NOOOO!!!!"

That name. That damned name. That man had been slain long ago, his plans for dominating the world foiled. How had he gotten free? As Clark gathers his thoughts a voice spoke behind him.

"News these days huh? Always leaving out details, and almost never talking about the negatives know what I mean?"

"Who's there? Wait, Max Shreck!?"

It was indeed him in the flesh. But that was impossible, he too had died long ago.

"Oh, that's just my disguise, here lemme turn it off."

"......Barry.....is that you?.....where did you get that scar?"

Barry Allen stood before Clark, clad only in a dark sweatshirt and jeans. But he had a grimmer look on his face, with a nasty scar running down one eye.

"Look I get it, I understand the confusion. I don't go by Barry anymore. Just call me Savitar. Okay?"

"What happened here? Why has Viedt taken over? What happened?"

"Well to put it lightly you happened Boy Scout. I saw everything from the speed force you know. Without Batman, the League never was able to figure out what Veidt was doing. Now he rules the world, and hunts schmoes down like you and me," the god of speed replied as he turned back into Shreck. Clark collapsed to the ground, as tears welled up in his eyes.

"That being said, there is a way for you to redeem yourself. You see, you can't fly on outta here cause of the Brother Eye system in the atmosphere."

"Great," Clark muttered, "Of course he had Max Lord."

"Now calm down, Veidt does have a time machine you can use. In fact, me and my team were going to use it until you came," replied Savitar. It was then that Clark saw four other people step out. And not just any random people from the street, costumed heroes. And one random guy.

"We call ourselves the Justice Society, after that team from the forties. Well it's about time I told you our names. This is Reggie Long, known as Rorschach."

A man in a trench coat and ink blot mask nodded at Clark, staring at him intensely.

"This is Logan Wayne, known as Dark Claw. He's not from around here like me and you. Hell! None of these Joes are from around here."

Clark glanced at Dark Claw, who was dressed as Batman, and yet seemed strangely familiar. He did take note of the metal skeleton and claws he had.

"This is Leonard Snart, or Citizen Cold. Really reminds me of my Snart, at least before I ate his liver."

Cold was no stranger to Clark. This one was certainly more heroic than his Cold. To say nothing of Savitar's cold.

"And last, but not least, this is Liam. He joined us because he's on some mission to go throughout the multiverse so he can kill his duplicates. He's only with us so he can get his traveler back and kill his counterpart. Fun guy really."

Liam was blonde and wore a brown bomber jacket with blue jeans and a white T-Shirt. There was something about him, something deep within.

Clark looked around, and then asked Savitar an important question, "......when are we going to go? I will fix this......"

As a suit of armor gathered around Savitar, he spoke once again in Shreck's voice, "right now Boy Scout. C'mon.....let's change the world."

Superman dead? It didn't seem possible, and yet The Daily Planet had caught footage of the strange being called Darkseid landing the final blow.

Bruce thought back to the first night he had seen Superman. At least, he was pretty sure it was the man of steel. All he'd really seen was a red and blue blur that he was only able to place years later when Superman became more well-known.

They were in an alley and a man held a gun on his father. "Give me your money. All of it. Now." He demanded.

"Now hold on a minute," Thomas Wayne said, stepping forward. Then, the man fired.

But the bullet never found its mark. There was a sudden flash of red and blue and the man was gone, leaving the Waynes unharmed.

Of course, Bruce's parents were dead now. They'd been killed by parademons in the initial attack. Bruce had fought some of them off, but there were so many. Now, he and his butler, Alfred were left alone in a disturbingly empty house.

Bruce was brought out of his reverie by the television. "We are getting reports that Darkseid has killed the Flash. A bystander caught video of the incident on their mobile phone. We warn you the content is disturbing."

Superman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and now Flash. All gone. Along with countless others who hadn't been members of the League. Bruce felt useless, as if he should be helping them fight. But how could he? They all had the powers of gods and yet had been defeated.

"With Flash gone, the only remaining member of the Justice League is the Green Lantern. We now take you live to his battle with Darkseid."

The fight was short. No longer than another two minutes, and now there was no more League. No more hope. This was the end. Bruce closed his eyes. He didn't want to watch anymore.

From somewhere in the mansion, he heard glass shattering and the desperate cry of Alfred Pennyworth warning him to stay where he was. So this was it. The end.

Then, a bright green light penetrated his closed eyelids and he heard a strange voice.

"Bruce Wayne, you have the ability to overcome great fear...."

I've always hated the Opera. Mother and Father loved going to the things. Always going on about ‘art and culture' or something. Tonight they wanted to go this one called La Traviata. This version was 4 hours long… As you could imagine, I wasn't thrilled to have to sit through it.



When it finished, dad offered for us to pass through the back alleyway. He said it was a faster route to the car. Mother questioned if it was a good idea. Father kept reassuring her that it would be okay. I didn't really care, I just wanted to go home.



While we were walking through, a couple men sprung out from behind some dumpsters. One of the pulled out a gun and pointed it towards my parents. I didn't know what to do, so I just screamed.



"Shut up!" Yelled one of the men. Father reached his arm out and pushed me behind him and mother.

"What do you want?" Said Father in a stern tone.

"I know who you guys are. Give me your wallet, jewelry and everything in your pockets," said the man in a slightly shaky tone. Father paused and looked over to us. Mother was already taking off her pearl favorite neck-less. Father put his hand on her shoulder.

"I'm sorry, but I can't do that," replied Father. "Shut up-" yelled the gunman. He pulled back the hammer on his gun with his thumb and continued. "I don't want to have to use this, but I'm willing too, if-" When suddenly… CRASH.



In front of us, but behind them men, drops a man out of the sky. He was wearing jeans and a plaid shirt with the sleeve rolled to his elbows.



The two men are startled as they quickly turn to see the source of the noise. Without knowing that he came from the sky, one of them yells out, "Hey, get outa here! This doesn't involve you!" But the man didn't leave. He began to walk forward. The gunman raised his weapon in his direction. "Are you some kind of stupid? I said-"



And in the blink of an eye, the man was in front of the gunman. He grabs his wrist and twists it, causing the man to drop the gun and howls in pain. The other robber dives for the weapon, pulls back the hammer and aims it towards the man.



He fires a shot to his face and we scream.



But the man doesn't fall. His face was turned slightly as if he'd been hit by a soft slap. And there was no blood or wound.



With the other man's wrist still in hand, he twists it further, breaking his arm and throwing him aside. He steps to the other with the gun. In fear, he crawls backward. Readying and firing the gun a couple more times into his chest. But this man doesn't flinch. It's as if the gun is shooting blanks.



When he reaches, the gun is out of rounds. He pulls it from his hands and cracks it into two. The man grabs the robber by the throat and lifts him off the ground. He mutters, "You two… have caused the world a lot of trouble. And quite frankly… I'm tired of having to fix it."



He squeezes as the man kicks and squeals but eventually stops. He releases his grip and the man falls to the ground. He turns to us and approaches.



We all stepped back in fear but he's quick to speak. "You guys okay?" In our terror, we try to nod. Father then says "Yes," for all of us.



"Well you're safe now," he says. "I'm not going to hurt you." He grabs both the robbers and looks back at us. "Now you guys take care... Especially you, Bruce." And he turns around and jumps into the night sky. We stand there in silence as we watch this man fly off into the darkness with two others under his arms.



"That what totally wicked!" I yell. Startling my parents. Father turns to me and asks, "Bruce... How does he know your name?" And I look to him and say…



"I don't know…"

I am not a god. I face my own mistakes in my own time same as the rest of the people of earth, but I know I am not one of them. As much as I was raised as an earthling I am but the foster child of this planet. Ma and Pa did their level best to make me into a good man. It's not often I fail that example but this...this has shown me sometimes the best intentions lead to the worst results.

It had started with such a silly idea. A gift. For a friend who has ment the most to me of all the people of earth in these last few years. Bruce, the finest man I've ever know, could just buy himself anything he desired. He is devoted to a passion forced on to him by tragedy. I just wanted him to have what I had, a family. I should have known it wouldn't be simple, I should have listened to Allen.

It is not hard to find way travel through time when one is in the super line of work. Neither was it difficult to save the Waynes. I blocked bullets and clapped Chill on the back of the head before anyone could react. Bruce looks more like his father then I thought possible. Martha was still shaking, and Thomas gulped for air. Between them the deep blue eyes of a young Bruce stared up at me in mixture of awe. Awe and fear.

"Merry Christmas folks." I smiled at them. They continued to stare up at me. "Wha..who are you?" Thomas seemed to get himself back in control.

"Just a friend, in the right place and the right time." With that I flew off slowly into the snowy night. Later back at the machine while dialing the settings to return me to the present, Bruce's stare creeped into my mind. Pausing before the final keystroke, I wondered, what would his life be like without the cowl. I felt for the first time a sense of doubt at my actions. Bruce, my friend Bruce, might be gone, changed, reshaped as a person from the one I knew.

If I had been a god, I might have known then or before that I should never have tampered with the past. But I was raised as a man, so it wasn't until I was walking out of the portal that I knew something was wrong. I had left the present in the from a storage room in the Hall of Justice. I returned to the present to a bright red lit room made entirely of lead. Red solar lights. The room was bare but for a single reinforced door. The door had but a single design on it, the emblem of a company, Luther/Wayne Civil Defence.

The cloaked man perched atop the high rise apartment building, still after all this time struggling to see the shadowed figures moving throughout his city. Though he had been trained directly by the leader of these men, Batman still had much to learn, and much skill to gain. But where his own senses still needed honing, modern technology could fill in the missing spaces.

He raised his binoculars, and flipped on the night vision. After scanning the area he thought that maybe there was no one there...no, no, there it was. An outline atop a gargoyle. Subtle, hidden in the shadows, but definitely there. One of the invaders waited.

A form silently crouched next to him.

"How do things look?" the newcomer asked.

Batman put his binoculars back into their pouch. "They're here. I only saw one, but where there's one there are always more." It was nearly time. It seemed a lifetime ago that the billionaire's life had revolved solely around managing a schedule that was full of business meetings, philanthropic ventures, and obligatory attendance at fancy parties. But after that fateful night when a would be robber's bullet was stopped by a red and blue flash, things had begun to change. Thomas and Martha Wayne, along with their son Bruce, had gone back home shaken but unharmed that night. They never learned who or what had saved them.

Over the following few years Thomas' near bankruptcy of Wayne Enterprises nearly got him removed by the board of directors. It took everything he could muster, from persuasive arguments to underhanded maneuvering, but he kept his position. Then an enigmatic stranger entered the fold with promises of new connections that would extend the reach of the company further than anyone had dared imagine.

"So explain to me exactly what it is you want from me," Ra's al Ghul said, then moved a chess piece, a castle.

Thomas measured his words. This man, this...force...in front of him was not someone to have his time wasted. Ra's Ghul had done much for him and his business ventures. A new office in Metropolis, business deals in Central City, some promising leads in Star City though not without some concerning rumors of corruption, this was a powerful ally who had a way of making things happen. In return he demanded only respect, which Thomas freely offered.

He moved a chess piece of his own. A pawn. "Gotham is riddled with crime. The police try but are ineffective at best, complicit at worse. I want to increase my personal security forces to include protection of my employees and their families."

Ra's Ghul leaned back, tented his fingers. "Surely you don't need my help for this matter." He also moved a pawn.

"That would be true if I trusted any of the firms in Gotham to not be in the pockets of the underworld." Thomas slid one of his castles forward. "They're fine for normal work but for what I want..."

"For what you want there needs to be a level of trust which the local security firms cannot offer." Ra's Ghul moved another pawn without looking. Thomas studied it. That was an odd move. "You need something outside the normal channels."

"Exactly." Thomas replied. "Do you know of anyone outside of Gotham who would be willing to take the cause? I realize that they'll want extra pay for travel costs but I am more than willing"

Ra's Ghul cut him off with a wave. "Fear not, my friend. I have the solution to your problem." He watched as Thomas hesitantly moved his queen to knock out the pawn. He then reclaimed the square with his own queen, hiding his amusement as his opponent grimaced at getting caught in the trap.

"What do you propose," Thomas asked.

"I have my own 'security.' They are capable of handling the task at hand and more."

"More?" Thomas asked.

Ra's Ghul waited just a moment, letting the pause hang. "My people are specially trained in ways which most people can only imagine. Some would call what we do archaic. Backwards, even. I call it 'effective.'" He watched Thomas study the board. The game was almost set. Losing that last piece only helped to cement the outcome. "I can have my people watching over your employees outside your company, at their neighborhoods, and virtually anywhere in between. Accommodations on your part will not be necessary, payment will not be required. You see, my own ventures depend in part on your success in yours. If that means playing a role in stemming the tides of a clearly increasing crime wave I am more than happy to oblige."

"I'm not asking you to be a crime fighter," Thomas quickly said. "Besides, the police don't take too kindly to vigilantism."

Ra's Ghul cocked a smile. "My people know how to be subtle. All you need to know is that your employees will be safe. And to answer the unspoken question so will your business interests. That theft of high tech equipment last week won't be repeated."

After considering the offer for several moments and pushing aside the uneasy feeling that something was amiss here, Thomas consented.

"Good, I'm glad that's settled. My people will be in Gotham before you know it. Now then, how is the family?"

"We're great. Martha's own philanthropic work is going well. Bruce is," Thomas searched for the right words. "Bruce is seeing increased grades in school. No recent problems that I'm aware of."

"No more fights, you mean."

Thomas sighed. "Exactly." His son had been competing with another student at the school, Eddie or something, as part of an intellectual contest. After suffering an embarrassing defeat Bruce learned that Eddie had cheated. He confronted him and lost his temper when the other boy not only admitted it, but taunted Bruce for it. Something about how he'd "even left clues that you could've used to stop me, had you been able to take your eyes off the girls." Speaking of which... "So, about him, and Talia...Bruce has, um, really taken notice of your daughter."

Ra's Ghul chuckled. "No worries. So long as young Bruce behaves himself he has nothing to worry about. While we're on the subject of your son, he is rather bright. With the proper guidance he could really make something of himself. And with the proper training, he could focus his more aggressive tendencies into a positive direction."

"Perhaps. Are you suggesting something?"

"Allow me to offer him some tutoring. I know a thing or two about the intellectual pursuits. I also have in my employ some talented martial artists who could teach him the arts of self defense and discipline."

Thomas thought on this. He pushed a knight forward a few spaces. "That's an interesting proposal. I get the feeling that you might want something from me for this?"

Ra's Ghul nodded. "In the future, when she has come of age, I would like a place within Wayne Enterprises for Talia. Of course she'll earn her way in, I don't expect special treatment. Just...an open door."

"Fair enough. After all you've done for me it's the least I could do." He watched as Ra's Ghul placed his knight in front of its counterpart, then get up.

"I think we both have much to gain here. I apologize that we won't finish our game this night but I have work to do. I'll let you see yourself out at your leisure." With that he turned and left.

Thomas looked at the board one last time. Checkmate had been inevitable, but his opponent had spared him the defeat. Maybe someday Thomas would beat him at this game.

And so in the coming months, Bruce had studied and trained under the eye of Ra's Ghul's organization. Having wanted to take a more active role in dealing with crime, Thomas was offered some training of his own. Martha joined in soon after, first out of curiosity then in earnest. A night of discussion had lead to talk of a need for a symbol, then bouncing ideas around, and finally settling on bats. Though it seemed silly at first, Thomas and Martha had taken on the mantle of the bat. And now, Batman and Batwoman watched as more shadows appeared in the night. Though the pair wouldn't be taking on crime themselves, they were the symbols that the underworld would come to fear. And eventually, if he so chose, Bruce would follow in their footsteps.

It was all thanks to Ra's Ghul, and the mysterious hero who had saved them those years before.

superman saw the universe around him speed up as he began to move forward in time again, buildings created and destroyed the city he found himself in began to glow as time came to a halt. He flew above the city and witnessed his work, Gotham no longer seemed to be a dark and dirty cesspool of crime, but a shining example like his own metropolis. He felt pride in what he had done.

He decided to see what his handiwork had done for the citizens and so he flew to the streets. He saw people wandering around bustling in and out of shops. People seemed to be stepping to other side of the street as he walked but he payed no attention, perhaps they didn't want to find trouble in case of a villain appearing. It seemed as though he had made the right decision in his having changed history.

He took the time to fly to his own city wondering how much better it would look, it only took him a second, but when he arrived he was greeted with horror, his city twisted and dark. The citizens seemed terrorized and traumatized by things he could only guess at. As he landed people began running up to him, begging for some help for anyone to help. All he could do was think to himself that something was not right, before a single thought entered his mind, Bruce. He felt anger in seeing his city defiled and decrepit, even the daily Planet stood in shambles. He took a look into the building people seemed to still be working, and then he saw Lois talking to Jimmy somber as they were.

He quickly changed to his alter ego and entered the building. People took note as he entered the office, lois approached him in a hurry, "whoa, whoa, sorry buddy, but you can't come in here, and if you're looking for a job don't bother, we can hardly pay the workers after Perry was murdered." superman put his face in his hands, wondering how this all went wrong, "here," Lois says as she pulled out a hundred dollar bill, "it's not much but I imagine you need it." he pushed the money back before walking away, without uttering a word.

He exited the building and went around back, he knew what he had to do, he had to find Bruce, he needed to know what happened. So he took off heading back for Gotham. Upon arriving he found Bruce to be in a meeting in Wayne tower, or at least that's what he could hear, but Wayne tech had always been protected by led walls.

He grabbed one of the walls of the meeting room and tore it like Christmas wrapping paper. Many of the corporate heads recoiled in fear, but then he saw Bruce. His face scarred from burns, his legs useless as he sat in a high tech wheel chair, his arm missing but he didn't flinch his eyes not moving from Superman's terrifying visage.

"Wayne!" he yelled, "I would like to have a word with you!" his fingers clenched to a fist twisting and ripping steel as if it were nothing. Bruce turned to his workers and nodded them off. Superman floated in front of Bruce before landing fully.

"what universe did you come from." Bruce asked flatly.

"this one." superman stated

"Not possible, I killed our superman." Clark's anger rose upon hearing this, "so I'll ask again, where are you from. "

"What happened Bruce, your parent's, where are they?"

"Stupid question, they're dead."

"I saved them, that can't be poss-"

It was Bruce who was angry now, " So it was you!" He yelled, "All this time I thought it was someone from your race, some disgusting alien who started my life onto it's hellish path, I was right! Why?"

"I traveled back to save them, to save you from what you become, paranoid obsessive, cruel, violent!"

Bruce laughed deeply, unsettling the man of steel, "Did you ever think that maybe someone wanted my parents dead? that maybe saving them once wasn't enough, that maybe just maybe they'd come back, kidnap a child and beat and torture him to get to my parents?" Superman recoiled in disbelief, and in that moment Bruce's chair twisted and became and exoskeleton in pristine white even replacing his arm with a fully functioning talon as the hand. He grabbed superman by the head and jumped out of the window with him planting him in the concrete below forming a crater and knocking the wind out of him. Bruce picked him up, as Clark could feel his energy being pulled away, "This was a little countermeasure I thought up after a fight with- hmm what's her name, oh right- Kara."

Superman struggled with all of his might, shaking the ground beneath them, "How dare you!"

Bruce sneered through his broken face, "How dare I? I wasn't the one who put his grubby little fingers in someone else's past am I? No, I just exterminated some pests, and now I know that I was justified, vindicated even in wiping out your race in every universe, they are a pestilence, and I see that now. Actually I should be thanking you, if I hadn't found security footage of your red and blue, I wouldn't have known to look for you. I wouldn't have known where to find strands of DNA to test, and to create my proverbial bug zapper here. No, if it weren't for you, Gotham would never have been the shining example it is today. So perhaps I'll keep you, we have a nice red sun prison for those I used to experiment on, perhaps we can still find a use for a dead vigilante." Superman's vision began to fade as batman laughed and then he saw nothing but black.

"WHERE IS THE TRIGGER!?", he screamed. Bane groaned in agony, his head flopping lamely to one side, breath choking behind his fractured mask. Superman stood, just out of view, holding up his hands, trying to sound as diplomatic as possible.

"Bru- I mean Batman, hey he's... come on dude he's disabled".

Batman swung another vicious punch into Bane's face. A gasp of air escaped from his throat and his arms cradled up toward his chest, the last movement of breath crackled out. He was trying desperately to speak, to confess his ignorance of the trigger, his hands contorted and twitched. He slumped against the wall, life slipping out of his heavy shoulders, the breath becoming more shallow. Batman let out a roar of frustration, shoving Bane against the wall. Superman took a few cautious steps forward.

"Hey I know... you're umm.. you're really close to this one, but maybe you need a holiday or something Bruce?".

"BATMAN!!!", he growled in that ridiculous voice. A gloved hand shot down to his bright yellow utility belt, an accessory Superman had always considered quite garish, and when he opened a pouch on the side, the familiar glow of a bright green rock emanated from inside. Superman took a step backwards, but did not seem fearful.

"Bruce... I really think you should look behind you...".

"I am the WORLD'S GREATEST DETECTIVE. I'm not going to fall for that, not again", threatened Bruce. The glow of the rock cast a green shadow up the side of his face, revealing that the vast majority of his face was still on display and his characteristically strong jaw was as good as a driver's license taped to his forehead.

"No Bruce, seriously my dude, there's a girl, she's French, I...", Superman stopped mid way through his sentence. Talia Al-Ghul had jammed a knife between the third and fourth rib in Batman's suit. Despite it withstanding bullets, bombs and the punches of a steroid-infused bodybuilder with chronic Asthma, a knife that looked more like a letter opener was the final death nail. While both were distracted, he took a few steps back, patting around the pockets in his cape for the time altering watch he had got from some kid named Bernard. Finding it, he sighed, detesting that the future had played out this way, but perhaps it didn't have to. He pushed the top button on the pocket watch, and the world faded to white around him.

It was an easy task. In reality, it would only take him slightly more than a minute in total. He had checked the facts from old newspaper archives, pinning down the exact time and location of occurrence. A simple save, "just swoop down and stop the bad guy", he's done this a million times.

 

Yet, there is some hesitation within. He felt as if all the times that he shared a moment with him, not exactly confiding so much as mutual accompany. He is the only member of the league who could best him, not by physical means but by intellect, strategy and cunningness. Though they shared the principle of nonfatal means of combat, they differed vastly in their approaches. ‘Boy scout', Bruce would often remark of him. The dark persona was far more eager to use ruthless, tactless and arguably despicably methods to obtain his goal, far from what he preferred.

 

Alas, it was about to end. No more snide commentary, no more gloomy presence, and best of all; no more "I'm Batman" jokes. Far too many times he would be embarrassed in front of other cape wearers and color-tights individuals at the local superhero café. He took another sip of the lemonade in his cup, another one of Bruce's crude jokes, and prepared himself to slip into the past.

 

It was a dark and gloomy night. Then again, it was always dark and gloomy in Gotham for whatever reason. He lurked on the rooftop, ironically in the same way his soon-to-be-extinct compatriot would have done. There he was, young and naïve, without a care in the world, not knowing that just in a few seconds, his parents would be attacked, and his life changed forever. The mugger appears, it's time.

 

He jumps down in a flash, landing on one knee. With one hand he grabs the gun away from the criminal, the other outstretched as a gesture to calm the Waynes – the Waynes who pulled out a gun of their own, pointing at him in a frantic manner. "Stop! I'm here to hel— " It was too late. The man fired a few rounds sporadically, and his shock meant that he didn't react in time. The bullets ricocheted off his body, the advantages of being bulletproof. Until one hit the young boy in the head. Everyone paused as they watched him fall, faces full of horror.

 

"Not like this." It can't end like this. In desperation, he went back again. This time, the family ran the other way, only to ran over by a bus. Again. Criminal's elder brother killed the family the day after. AGAIN. A preemptive strike to take out the mugger beforehand meant that the Waynes were safe, until they were murdered by burglars that same night. Every time he went back in time, something changed, the outcome always differing, as if fate was meddling with him. Then it struck him. A few years ago, when facing Luthor in one of his schemes, he mentioned something about a butterfly and mathematics. That was it. He created chaos.

 

He tried all he could to reset the initial conditions. But it could never be the same; every time he went back, even without interfering, something went wrong. The mom dies, they both die, the boy dies. Somebody always died.

 

 

He went back in time to solve his irritation, only to be trapped with a lifetime of guilt and regret.

"You know I still remember that alley, I was convinced I was going to die that day. Everything slowed down, I could see everything as it happened, the gun pointed at my father's face.

"He had a look of panic as if he didn't expect any resistance 'give me your money', and they normally did without delay I guess. Not my father though, too stubborn, not one to be cowed.

"I remember now every little detail. That thug had already started to pull the trigger, that moment seemed to last an age.

"Then some stranger swept in, flew in rather and knocked the gunman clear across the alley. Like some blue and red god descending from heaven to save my family. And he was gone before I could get a real good luck.

"I never ever forgot", Bruce said as he turned to face Clarke, "but by the time I had reached adulthood some of the details has gotten fuzzy.

"Then many years later you appeared like a memory bubbling up from some deep dark lake and it all came rushing back. I knew I had to meet you.

"It took some time but do you remember what happened then? You seemed pleased at first then turned I don't know distant. I thought at first you were just that way with all humans.

"Look don't try and talk, those wounds are too severe, I can hear ambulances and such in the distance but they won't get here in time.

"You worked closely with me to begin with, helping Wayne Corp. Especially the foundation aimed at helping children. But after you found that my father's old company was just the window dressing to distract the public from my other organisations you became so incredibly hostile.

"After you had taken down several of my business I began digging through what was left of the Lexcorp archives, I had taken remains of that company the last time you had taken down Lex.

"And there I found the answer to my problems, a green rock. I had my weapons division embed some fragments inside the lead of some bullets ready for this final encounter. I don't suppose you recognise the gun? It took some time to locate the evidence from that fateful night from my childhood, but here it is.

"It nearly destroyed me when you tuned on me, I had idolised you as a child, and now. Well now I can't allow you to continue on this path of tearing down what I've built up.

"Those sirens are getting closer, so I guess we are at an end. Lex never really had it in him to try and take you out once and for all, he always went with over the top plans, too complicated, too many opportunities for escape. I had a revolver with six deadly bullets. Such a simple plan would never have occurred to him.

"Our time is at an end, I've three bullets left, and you can finally rest in peace.

Bruce stood and cocked the gun for the final time, "I guess it's true what they say about meeting childhood heroes, goodbye Clarke".

The crisp white snow crackled beneath Bruce's threadbare boots. "Just one more, for old time's sake" he begged as he reached out to his dealer for the needle.

Bruce had fallen very far from the tree. The money tree that paid for all of his excesses, with Bruce always under the illusion that Superman would be there to save him. But Superman could not save Bruce from himself. Ever since that night with Chill Bruce became just another rich prick with a drug habit and misguided sense of invincibility.

Clark, on his return to the present day realised what he had done. Petty criminals like those supporting Bruce's habit were on the up. The darkness of Gotham had become even darker and more desperate under the shadow of Doomsday's rule. He held his head in his hands. "What have I done?!", he exclaimed, before realising that he could see through his fingers, not due to x-ray vision but because they had become translucent and were fading away.

His mind raced. As his memories of the original, now alternate timeline faded and blended with the new he recalled briefly his final battle against Doomsday which ended with him like now, alone, with no one else to save him. And like now uttering his final word. "Bollocks!".

"Commissioner Gordon and I are dedicated to ridding this city of crime once and for all." Mayor Wayne commanded from atop his oak podium. The Gotham City flag had been tacked to the front. A layer of interference gave his deep voice a static flare. Clark leaned back at his desk, watching the television. "We are under a state of constant assault."

Clark always felt a tinge of guilt. Seeing Bruce free of the cowl was unnerving, to say the least. The determination never left his eyes. His life was politics. Clark could admire that. Yet, Batman was too dangerous for the Leauge. The Atlantean based nerve agent was evidence enough. Clark had dozed off in thought. He shook his head and looked back up at the screen.

"Of course, you all know this. You may believe this to be the mayor talking a big game on crime before election season." A few laughs arose from the crowd. "This city deserves to know the truth. A group has approached me attempting to buy me out of office. Upon my refusal, threats were issued. To remain transparent with the people of Gotham and this entity, this administration will not back down to organized crime."

A switch had been thrown in the offices of the Daily Planet. Reporters scurried to their keyboards. Lois Lane was the fastest, the sound of her keyboard rattling across the room. Something flooded Clark's chest. His heart rattled against his ribs. The feeling was familiar, anxiety. It didn't matter what entity approached him, he was out of his league. Clark lunged from his chair towards the door.

"Where do you think you're going?" Perry White yelled out. The pandemonium in the room hit a wall. All was silent.

"I, Uh, I have some contacts we could interview for this piece." Clark stammered. Perry held a finger to his chin. The room held its breath.

"Fine Clark," The Editor barked. "They better be damn good contacts."

In a moment he was in the air. His clothes stuffed beneath a dumpster. He'd make an excuse for the smell later. A shockwave trailed behind him. The man of steel bounded towards Gotham. The city was in tatters. The death of the Joker led to crime wave after crime wave. His face was painted in some form or fashion across every building in the Southside. Virtually every insurance company moved out after Killer Koi took down three skyscrapers. Another consequence to the time change, new villains filling in the gaps. He heard a pair of screams. Seconds later he was hovering well above the press conference. Bruce Wayne was alive. The conference was continuing. The screaming turned to a choking sound, it was only one of so many whaling throughout the streets. Superman spun on a dime and blasted between the buildings. His heart was pounding, he knew these screams. He had heard them quite recently, older this time. He found the building. The Wayne logo atop it was clear as day. The gurgling hushed to a whimper. Top floor, Clark guessed. He flew straight into the penthouse suite. Shattering the spotless glass. A black cloaked man stood over two corpses. His head swiveled to meet Clark's eye. A marble white oval sat where a man's face was meant to be. A pair of bottomless pits marked where the eyes would lie. Clark's eyes flashed red. His hands moved like lightning. A pair of knives bounced harmlessly off of Clark's family crest. He looked back up. The man was gone.

One Year

Killer Koi Carved into Sashimi, Police Dumbfounded. By Vikki Vale

Barry Allen clutched the newspaper in his red-clad fist.

"Clark we can catch this guy," He yelled. "What in gods name is stopping us?"

"I am," Clark screamed. His hand clutching pitch black hair.

"Why?" Diana asked. The core members of the league stood around the hall's main lobby. Aquaman was front and center. Clark sighed and reached for his belt. He placed a small glass capsule on the table, a purple compound swam around inside it. A Wayne-Tech logo was etched onto the side.

"I went back in time and, well, I stopped someone from becoming one of us," Clark explained. The room went silent for a moment.

"What?"

"What powers did they have?"

"Who was it?"

"Why?" Diana repeated. The Leauge seemed to settle for that question.

"There was an insurgency in Atlantis. No one was sure how you would side." Clark looked up at Arthur. His orange armor caught the afternoon light through the halls massive glass walls.

"Are you accusing me of-"

"Look, Arthur, you were different in this timeline. That's beside the point. He made this in the event of, you going rogue." Clark said nodding towards the capsule.

"He was going to kill me!" Arthur screamed.

"No," Clark boomed. "He didn't do that. But it would strip you of your abilities. Make you mortal. That's why I changed the past."

"You're just as bad as he was," Diana spoke out. Her expression was sharp, dead-pan.

"I know," Clark said letting his head drop.

"Then fix it," She demanded. Her call was met with silence.

"He can't," Barry said softly. "It'll erase us and him."

There was a knock on the glass. A cowl looked in.